The problem statement is you will be given a sorted array
and its size
Your task is to remove the duplicate elements from the
sorted array and return the modified new length.
And please know that we should do the operation without
using additional memory.
For example, if given array is 1 1 1 3 3 5 5, a fter removing
duplicates we get 1 3 5. So the new length is equal
to three.
See another example. If the given array is 5 5 5,
after removing duplicates the result is 5 and the length is 1.
So your task is to write the logic for this
problem and submit it using the below compiler. See some sample
inputs and corresponding outputs.
If the input is this array 1 1 1 3 3 5 5, the expected output
is the new length 3.
If the input array is 5 5 5, the expected output is the new length 1.